Background check as compensating control for validation (#690)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/requirements.md

    authority, possession, or outlying possession of the United States bearing an official seal
* another piece of evidence that meets the requirements of Fair evidence specified in [[SP 800-63A]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63A)

> > Note: One piece of Strong evidence and one other piece of evidence meeting the requirements of Fair evidence in [[SP 800-63A]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63A) are considered sufficient for issuance of a PIV Card because the requirement for a federal background investigation is considered a compensating control for identity proofing at IAL3. Similarly, the federal background investigation requirement is considered a compensating control for the SP 800-63A requirement to validate evidence by comparison of details with the issuing source or authoritative source(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: One piece of Strong evidence and one other piece of evidence meeting the requirements of Fair evidence in [[SP 800-63A]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63A) are considered sufficient for issuance of a PIV Card because the requirement for a federal background investigation is considered a compensating control for identity proofing at IAL3. Similarly, the federal background investigation requirement is considered a compensating control for the SP 800-63A requirement to validate evidence by comparison of details with the issuing or authoritative sources.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: One piece of Strong evidence and one other piece of evidence meeting the requirements of Fair evidence in [[SP 800-63A]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63A) are considered sufficient for issuance of a PIV Card because the requirement for a federal background investigation is considered a compensating control for identity proofing at IAL3. Similarly, the federal background investigation requirement is considered a compensating control for the SP 800-63A requirement to validate evidence by comparison of details with the issuing source or authoritative sources.
```
